fix(mobile): clarify separate tokens (#15166)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-flutter/monitor-your-flutter-application.mdx

    class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
    ....
```

> Make sure you pasted your application token(s) (copied from [Step 3](#app-token)) into `appToken = ""` in the code above. If you deployed your hybrid app to both iOS and Android, you'll need to add two separate tokens, one for iOS and one for Android.

Reviewer: I think there should be a colon after "two separate tokens" here.

> Make sure you pasted your application token(s) (copied from [Step 3](#app-token)) into `appToken = ""` in the code above. If you deployed your hybrid app to both iOS and Android, you'll need to add two separate tokens, one for iOS and one for Android.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you paste your application token(s) into `appToken = ""` in the code above. If you deployed your hybrid app to both iOS and Android platforms, you'll need to add two separate tokens: one for iOS and one for Android.
```
